Don't you dare, haha!
Then it depends on Miss Lin's sincerity
Sure enough, if there is a husband, there must be a daughter
Thank you to this bitch's father
It's not a good thing either
No, I have to figure something out.
Uncle Ji, don't worry.
I will definitely give you this money.
Well, let's meet first
I'll deliver the check to you myself
Good idea.
Then we will
It's a deal.
Lin Chenxi, hurry up and come out for me.
Stop selling me
Miss Ji, your father was murdered
You are now a suspect
Please also come with us
What?
The season is dead
I don't know.
I haven't seen him for two days.
We are on the knife at the scene
Found your fingerprints
And the scene
He also wrote the word daughter in writing
You are a big suspect now
People can't be killed by him
Mr. Huo
I've been spending the last few days with him.
I can give him an alibi
In addition
I lost a fruit knife in my ward these days.
That person is most likely from me
Sneaked the knife out
But it's not him.
That being the case
Then ask Miss Ji to come back with us
We need to talk to him about the seasons
Respect